Rieya Shropshire
447 Boulevard NE Apt104
Atlanta Georgia 30308
Ph: 4046218964
rshrop90@gmail.com

Objective

Creative, intelligent individual seeks long-term employment with opportunities for advancement in client service, light industrial, technician or food service fields. With each of these types of organizations, I have past experience. Working hard, focusing on the task at hand and completing the job with excellence is my forte. In addition, I learn quickly and get along well with others.

Experience

Auto Zone
07-2013 to 10-2016
Part Sales Manager/ Driver
Stone Mountain, GA

As a manager i an responsible for opening and closing the store, cycle counts, planograms, front facing inventory, counting the safe an drawers, the other employees and cleaning the store

Kroger
09-2013 to 11-2014
Cashier
Stone Mountain, GA

The primary responsibility I held at Krogers was a cashier. Also, I assisted with hard-lines and the sales floor. Hard-lines required stocking and the sales floor included changing signs for marketing events and ensuring the various areas/aisles were in pristine condition for customers.
 
Advanced Auto Parts
09/2010-8/2013
Driver/crew member
Norcross Georgia

I delivered parts to different stores.I stocked merchandise and cleaned sales floor. I was responsible for counting money.

Trc Staffing
Wika
07-2010 to 08-2010
Orbital welder
Lawrenceville, GA

In this position my job was to handle small parts, to weld an inspect those parts. Then I was to take them to the person who cleaned them. Another job I was to do was called spot welding. Understand and work within pre-established welding procedures, Capable of performing required skills under limited supervision. Observes welding machine and gauges to ensure welding processes meet specifications, Good welding skills and safety record.

Target
11-2008 to 2-2009
Cashier
Atlanta, GA

The primary responsibility I held at Target was a cashier. Also, I assisted with hard-lines and the sales floor. Hard-lines required stocking and the sales floor included changing signs for marketing events and ensuring the various areas/aisles were in pristine condition for customers.

Belcan Temp Agency
06-2008 to 8-2008
Staff Management
Fairfield, OH

Provided logistic services for the Dell Factory. Determined which products incorporated an order, packed in appropriate shipping packages and put on conveyor belt when finished. Many of the shipments were 50 pound boxes.

Applebee’s
11-2007 to 2-2008
Hostess
Cincinnati, OH

This position required me to greet clients at the front door, seat them, assisted as food runner when possible and complete end of the night cleaning

Marsh
12- 2006 to 7-2007
Cashier
Cincinnati, OH

Served as cashier for Marsh. During slow periods I would retrieve carts from the parking lot and restock customer returns.

Education level Life skill center – computer based school and classes Harmony community school - Completed the 11th grade Gwinnett Technical college – Ged Currently enrolled in courses

Accomplishments During my employment with the aforementioned companies, I have always received praise for my excellent service. As I am self-motivated, at the end of my shift all my duties were completed. It was always my goal for customers to leave happy and have the desire to return again to shop at my store of employment. I have also received a Certificate of completion in different fields.

Interest My hobbies are collecting technical gadgets, repairing things, drawing, writing stories/poems and helping older people. My specialty is repairing electronics. My career goal is to graduate and enter into the field of Technology and/or Architecture.

Personality Provide excellent client service with a consistent smile. A positive attitude provides for great people skills and I am able to meet/great new people with ease.



_LoyalLove_